README.md, before:


# Rock Paper Scissors Project
## First major project from [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/foundations/courses/foundations/lessons/revisiting-rock-paper-scissors) curriculum. 
This is a variation of the classic game, with the same basic premise. The theme is that of the three elements; fire, water and grass. You play against a computer with both of you having 6 lives. A tie does not deduct lives. 

## The game:
 - displays player's and computer's choices 
 - tracks the lives of each player  
 - displays a custom message for every combination of two elements 
 - displays a different animated end game message depending on the victory status.

--------------------

#### Goals with this project:
- [x] combine html, css and javascript into a unified endproduct. 
- [x] utilize event listeners on elements to perform actions on the webpage
- [x] gain a deeper understanding of flex box
- [x] learn to better utilize git and commit early and often.

#### What I learned from this experience: 
- a basic understanding of css styling with colors and borders, text-stroke, styling individual words etc.
- a deeper understanding of how to manipulate elements via flexbox
- how to ensure an element displayed as a flexbox is stationary relative to its parent during the removal of its children elements.
- how to add, remove and change elements and/or classes via javascript. 
- how to interact with the nodes/nodelists and use eventListeners in javascript  
- a basic understanding of animations and how they interact with flexbox
- how to organize my code to be more readable by breaking down complex functions into smaller subfunctions.

Commit message:

Added the ability to play in your browser.

README.md, after:


# Rock Paper Scissors Project
## First major project from [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/foundations/courses/foundations/lessons/revisiting-rock-paper-scissors) curriculum. 
This is a variation of the classic game, with the same basic premise. The theme is that of the three elements; fire, water and grass. You play against a computer with both of you having 6 lives. A tie does not deduct lives. 

### [Play the game](https://dead-locke.github.io/rock-paper-scissors-project/) in your browser.

## The game:
 - display player's and computer's choices 
 - track the lives of each player  
 - display a custom message for every combination of two elements 
 - display a different animated end game message depending on the victory status.

--------------------

#### Goals with this project:
- [x] combine html, css and javascript into a unified endproduct. 
- [x] utilize event listeners on elements to perform actions on the webpage
- [x] gain a deeper understanding of flex box
- [x] learn to better utilize git and commit early and often.

#### What I learned from this experience: 
- a basic understanding of css styling with colors and borders, text-stroke, styling individual words etc.
- a deeper understanding of how to manipulate elements via flexbox
- how to ensure an element displayed as a flexbox is stationary relative to its parent during the removal of its children elements.
- how to add, remove and change elements and/or classes via javascript. 
- how to interact with the nodes/nodelists and use eventListeners in javascript  
- a basic understanding of animations and how they interact with flexbox
- how to organize my code to be more readable by breaking down complex functions into smaller subfunctions.
